Vimana
======

Vimana is an easy to use system for searching , installing, and downloading vim
script.

Vimana provides a command-line interface such like aptitude program on
Debian linux, for you to search , download , install , upgrade scripts from
http://www.vim.org (vimonline site).

Vimana can install a vim script package to your vim runtime path automatically
by inspecting the content of archive file or vim script. for example , if an
archive file contains 'syntax','plugin','indent' directory , then these files
should be installed to ~/.vim/ directory.   if it is a vim color scheme ,
then it should be put into ~/.vim/colors/ and prompt for setting the
installed colorscheme as default.

vimball is supported.

In future, Vimana will support Makefile,Rakefile install. and Vim package meta
file (for VIM::Packager).

( In some modern Indian languages, vimāna or vimān means "aircraft". )

NOTE: Vimana only provides search, info ,install commmands currently.

INSTALLATION
===============

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

To install this module from github.com , run the following commands:

    git clone git://github.com/c9s/Vimana.git
    cd Vimana
    perl Makefile.PL 
    make
    make test
    make install

USAGE
========

to update index

    $ vimana update 

to search jifty script

    $ vimana search rails

to install snipmate.vim package:

    $ vimana install snipmate

to install rails.vim package:

    $ vimana install rails.vim

to download:

    $ vimana download markdown-syntax.vim

to list installed packages:

    $ vimana installed

COMMAND ALIAS
=============

    $ vimana i   # alias of install command.
    $ vimana s   # alias of search command.
    $ vimana d   # alias of download command.

TESTED CASES
============

    $ vimana install the-nerd-tree
    $ vimana install autocomplpop
    $ vimaan install gsession.vim
    $ vimana install snipmate
    $ vimana i svg.vim

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION
==========================

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Vimana

IRC Channel:

    #vimana on irc.freenode.net

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Vimana

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Vimana

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Vimana

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Vimana


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE
=========================

Copyright (C) 2007 You-An Lin 林佑安 ( Cornelius / c9s )

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
